AERO EMACS

Aero is my own approach to Emacs, blending all the best shit I can find. It is
not intended for widespread use; it is tailored for what I want and use.

Emacs changes the way you think about programming, as does Lisp itself. The
sheer power of advanced usage makes IDEs look like clunky lemons. It is backed
by decades of rich experience and a fantastic culture.

Spacemacs in Evil mode further provides excellent mnemonic key bindings with an
ergonomic and intuitive leader key system. This system is roughly approximated
in Aero, albeit with an entirely different (and faster) implementation. Prelude
uses an uncomplicated module system which makes configuration of layers simple
and compartmentalized. A similar system is implemented in Aero, including a
similar naming convention. Doom Emacs looks great and has some brilliant
optimization tricks. Aero looks a lot like Doom on purpose. Various utilities
were modified or outright borrowed from Cofi Emacs as well.

Aero does not adhere to any versioning, instead it is a continuously improving,
evolving ambition. This evolution of Aero may be generally called Aero Flame, as
opposed to the previous Aero Space which was closely coupled to
Spacemacs-develop.

INSTALLING

Aero requires Emacs 25.1 or higher. Remacs is buggy, but is supported. DO NOT
use XEmacs, it is not supported.

Aero is optimized to use the font Dank Mono, but also works great with Source
Code Pro.

		git clone https://gitlab.com/thornjad/aero ~/.emacs.d
		cd ~/.emacs.d
		make setup

Note that the =make setup= step is only a stopgap for the time being and will
eventually be unecessary.

LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2018-2019 Jade Michael Thornton

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple
Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.

Some packages in this project may have their own licenses. Refer to these files
for their copyright information.
